I'm looking for you and I don't know where you are, I'm looking for answers
When was the last time I saw you smile?
My queen used to tell you, her legs trembled
With you the nights were not to sleep
Sometimes I ignore it, I smoke and drink alone
I always thought I shouldn't ask you
I exchanged your money for gold, you were my treasure
I didn't know that you forgot about me
About me and about you
Yeah, yeah
Sometimes I miss you, but I want to forgive you
Baby, you threw me into the mud
You left me with zero stamina
Don't call me when you feel alone
Baby, I know you miss the cars too
Being the love when we were cheap
Everything was a lie when you told me
Baby, I miss you, that we would last for years
Baby, it hurt, I deceive you
I hope this song is over
And I finally forget about you
I look for you and I don't know where you are
I've been looking for answers
When was the last time I saw you smile?
I told my queen
My legs trembled
I didn't know that you forgot about me
About me and about you